>> Melkey: Time for
us to check if this works.
Let's go back to our running Go server.
Run it down and go run main.go.
Is there any obvious errors?
No?
That's good.
You can see it's updated to the current
version of four, which is great.
Okay, if we look at p s q l,
select we'll do a /dt.
We now see we have our
tokens table right here.
If we do select all from tokens,
we have nothing there.
If I quickly double check
select all from users,
you can see we have one user, John Doe.
I'm actually going to create
a new user called Jack_,
not to be confused with John_Doe,
but just to demonstrate that,
you just can't create an account and then
we can use that account to authenticate.
So you go back into the post_notes.txt,
you should see under section 3.2,
we actually have two
sets of code requests.
So here we can take this one, which would
be the usual, which creates A new user,
right?
So I'm gonna go ahead and copy this.
I'm gonna paste it right
here into my terminal.
So now I have this new user, id 2.
Username, jack_doe, jack.doe@example.com,
we can check again, select all from users.
There they are, john doe and
jack doe, very nice.
And if you go back into the POST notes and
take the second curl request,
which is going to be to
/token/authentication.
So if you go ahead and
grab this and you paste it here,
make sure that the username is,
in fact, jack_doe.
If you don't wanna use that, just make
sure matches the username of the user
you've created or
the other user you have in your database.
Make sure the passwords match as well.
And if this works,
you should see now we are able to generate
an authentication token for
our user Jack Doe.
And if you want,
we can be a little bit more let's try,
let's see what if this is 124 right?
Invalid credentials.
So there's ways that we can validate
that this does in fact work, but
now we can guarantee that our
username Jack Doe has a token.
And if we double check in PSQL,
if we do select all from tokens,
you can now see Jackdaw
has a hash token Token.
His user ID is 2.
We don't really know who that is.
The expiry is 24 hours from now,
and the scope is authentication.